moto skill test termini very hard
technical motorcycle race we know these
tips
someone has to use the Blazer no no no
one B&B no one has to your assignment
you're gonna have fun yeah now we're on
one fuck
SiC launched whereas Rachel gets a bear
trap oh no oh no oh no oh no oh it's
real fun oh my god fuck you so sweaty
I just got demolished by guys Jay Jay
Jay Jay Scott it was so much quicker to
just die I'll eat you just got
demolished by someone so belated this
there's a wall how did I do that
but what's dying every three seconds but
it's actually working quicker hey Simon
I saw ma hey fight flip right purple if
you say swig flip
that's a backflip swag shit you know how
the fuck does our weight on my bunny
done it I got it say you guys hey buddy
okay we both read Barney at the same
time that's a healthy glutes what a slut
you're learning what yes or a lot
anymore
very so Barney's the body such badge
Barney is such a bitch oh my Mary listen
I'm a cool dog
oh shit oh it's wrong boy sticker oh
shit no oh wow
oh the dribbler squads that just ripped
everything I literally can't do anything
all my days looking for right right time
people him on right who's behind me I
completed Howard one Ethan you know you
need a face
oh no ways that I might fuck oh my god
Nate it look I just got demolished oh
shit
backflip oh my god I can't do it fucking
shit right can we do the cat why why now
I'm you don't have it turbines yes you
have no problem catching up if I can't
get past this friggin turbinate oh my
god I've got the turnitin I've got your
back
yes got the time any voice oh yeah
through it so oh my god Simon same thing
happened to me yes so
- no fucking uh oh my god you have to
make that jump you have to make it oh my
god come on sociable I was first for so
long and now I'm like miles long
Harry's back slow and steady and harvest
our him and he felt help me know was
post clown but no yes yes oh my god yes
yes sorry Harry fuck you oh no oh my god
guys man what's this oh oh my god AJ you
know you know finally come on Simon
finally what Simon just breezed us yes
I'm gonna do as well
Simon fucking do this wait oh my days
I'm gonna set up right I'm gonna cry oh
now the times I've got to that last one
in the jar man you put this real quick
right yes I'm not Simon's got this
why are you going to say negative things
I'm swag bitch to move from race hey
Josh yes I visit the witch doctor the
other day you know he told me um what
did he tell oh oh oh oh ting tang walla
walla doctor i'll fuck this I'm going to
the head of uk-wide all that dumb stuff
hey Ethan I'll race you to the windmill
all right three two one go I'm in oh
yeah no it's time away I comes open Toby
came second no don't why do that why are
you doing that oh yeah you dumped let's
push his bike down no no it's very sir
Wow Nathan no weed we can we cool we
cool we cool
yeah cool hello we don't care we cool we
go okay let's go no Ethan oh good
you bastard you'll regret that during
this race WTF glitch - FBI UFOs what you
have only live once there are only if
only what magic okay oh okay right see
on this that I've got wait I've got away
in this fat there you go I'm helping you
out I know got away from the boys is
this where is No yeah give it time lad
you know a UFOs were they've gone yes
not okay right if it's hot Oh Toby coats
up Josh which margins we should just
like this track for me same time
misleading title guys give it time he's
leading from those good shine mad shit
oh fuck up Harry Potter erase that over
the net
Oh swatter nary swollen oh fuck oh no
clothes why right sorry sorry okay sorry
even oh oh you mama yeah there's no
hurry Oh shakes over
no you turn into me though you turn it
to me now you turned it to me wait a
doozy there's no you have oh my good I'm
pretty sure this Mitzvah you infos yeah
hey is it really actually actually honor
UFOs this is a lie it's on a deep bridge
we say we say remember when I said I'm
gonna get you back in this race or get
him Sammy can stir this and so Harry
come back look bones bitch yes yeah now
everyone's back Oh Josh below together
no no no no come on I'm long for life oh
I miss it I may have missed that
checkpoint
Ethan is the winner yeah well the finish
go no no oh yeah he's right
you do realize how close Joshua stover
taking you home break barriers Oh
all right Joe car show car okay oh
that's a fast time let's go hi how are
you what have you done
I'm like hurry Oh your eyes